# Testing the Web App

Beginning from the landing page we can click on the sign up button and it should pop out a modal with the Sveza logo and options to sign up with either Facebook or Google. When you click on the login button, it should pop out a similar modal which has options to login via Facebook or Google. Logging in via Facebook should take you directly to the dashboard page, while clicking on Google will take you to another page to select your Google account.

From the dashboard page there should be a form at the top of the page to add a new team along with a submit button. Under the header, “My Teams”, there should be a list of teams that you're currently a member of. Type the name of a team into the add team form and press the button with the plus icon and your new team should appear at the bottom of the list. Clicking the button with nothing in the form will do nothing.

Selecting a team from the list will redirect to The Message Board page with the relevant team information. Below the nav bar at the top of the page there are two tabs. The Message Board should be selected by default. Under the tabs is the name of the team. Underneath the logo is a button that says, “open user list”, and if the user is an administrator of the team, there will also be a button that says invite. Clicking the invite button should pop up a modal with a form to enter email and/or phone number to send an invitation to add a new member. Clicking the user list button will pop open a modal with the list of members of the team, the team members’ Avatar, and their email address. If the current user is an administrator there will also be an option next to each team member to kick them from the team. On the left side of the screen is a button with a white plus icon. Hovering over the button will open a tooltip that says “Add Message”. Clicking the button opens a modal to create a new message with a field for title, content, a tag, and an element to upload pictures. Enter a title, some content, a tag, and select an image to upload. Once the image has completed uploading, press the save button to create the new message. The modal will close by itself and the new message will appear at the top of the list. Below the add message button is a selector to change the sorting method. The default is newest first, so your new message should appear at the top. If you change it to oldest first the order of the posts will reverse. Below the sorting selector is the list of messages created by members of the current team. Each Post has a preview of its contents. It has the Avatar of the user that created the post, the title, name and date created, and a preview of the contents. The right side of the post preview has the count of how many comments the post has and the tag if there is one and says “None” if there is no tag.

Clicking on a post opens a message detail modal. The modal shows the avatar and name of the person who created the post followed by the title and the full contents and any images uploaded. If the message being viewed is created by the current user there'll be an option to edit or delete the message. Users have the option to subscribe or unsubscribe from each message. At the bottom of the modal Is a form to create a comment on the message. Once you have created a comment it will appear at the bottom of the list of comments on the current message. The current user’s comments will have an option to edit or delete the comment. Users can like or unlike each comment.

Looking over the activity timeline tab loads all of the messages and comments created in the current team. When the active tab changes to “Activity Timeline” the yellow underline should move over to “Activity Timeline”. Each item is sorted in reverse chronological order, so the most recent actions are at the top. The current users activities are aligned to the right, while all other activities are aligned to the left. Each activity has the avatar of the user that created it, a title with the user's first name and last initial along with whether the activity was a message or comment, followed by the date the activity occurred and a preview of the title of the comment or message. Clicking on an activity makes a cool ripple but nothing else happens.

Next we navigate to the settings page via the nav bar at the top of the screen. The settings page includes a header that says “User Settings”, two tabs for “Account Settings” and “Team Billing”, and a form to update users Avatar, name, email, phone number, and options to opt in or out of emails and text messages. The active tab should be highlighted in Plum. At the bottom of the form is a button to save any changes. Uploading a new image will change the user’s current avatar. In a similar manner editing any of the other fields and pressing save will alter their respective fields in the database.

Clicking over to the “Team Billing” tab will bring up a list of teams the user is currently an administrator of and whether that team is premium or not. Select a team and then press the “Go Premium” button and it'll bring up the stripe billing form. Enter payment information and press the “Go Premium” button at the bottom. The user should receive an alert with a message stating whether the payment was successful or not. Upon successful payment, refreshing the page will show the change to premium status.

Clicking the logout button in the navbar will delete the user token and redirect back to the landing page.
